README.md, before:

# Todo API

This is an example application showing how to use
[grape](https://github.com/intridea/grape) to create a simple API using
entities with the [grape-entity](https://github.com/intridea/grape-entity) gem.
This sample shows how to create a simple API without authentication, caching, etc.
It also only shows GET requests.  It doesn't update or delete any information.  I
plan to add a few examples, but this is really just to show how Grape + Grape-Entity
work together.

## Environment

The sample was developed using the following 

1. Rails 4.1.4
2. Ruby 2.1.0p0
3. OS X 10.9.4
4. Grape (0.8.0) 
5. Grape Entity (0.4.3) 

## Setup

Gem installation

```bash
bundle install
```

Create and migrate

```bash
rake db:migrate
```

Seed data

```bash
rake db:seed
```

## Testing

```bash
rake db:test:prepare # deprecated -- not sure why test db still needs to be prepared.  TBD...
bundle exec rspec spec
```

## Run It

Start the Rails server

```bash
rails s
```

## Usage

Getting all todos

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos
```

Getting all todos (include todo items)

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos?type=all
```

Getting a single todo

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos/1
```

Getting a single todo (include todo items)

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos/1?type=all
```

Getting the items for a todo

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos/1/items
```

Failure to get an item

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/items/999
```

## Swagger Support
First, install [Swagger](https://github.com/wordnik/swagger-ui) somewhere locally.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/wordnik/swagger-ui.git
```

Make sure the Rails server is running

```bash
rails s
```

From Chrome or Safari, open the locally installed Swagger __swagger-ui/dist/index.html__ file.  In the text
field that currently lists __http://petstore.swagger.wordnik.com/api/api-docs__, change this to
__http://localhost:3000/api/swagger_doc__

From here, you'll be able to explore the API through the Swagger UI.

Commit message:

Update doc to specify Swagger UI version

README.md, after:

# Todo API

This is an example application showing how to use
[grape](https://github.com/intridea/grape) to create a simple API using
entities with the [grape-entity](https://github.com/intridea/grape-entity) gem.
This sample shows how to create a simple API without authentication, caching, etc.
It also only shows GET requests.  It doesn't update or delete any information.  I
plan to add a few examples, but this is really just to show how Grape + Grape-Entity
work together.

## Environment

The sample was developed using the following 

1. Rails 4.1.4
2. Ruby 2.1.0p0
3. OS X 10.9.4
4. Grape (0.8.0) 
5. Grape Entity (0.4.3) 

## Setup

Gem installation

```bash
bundle install
```

Create and migrate

```bash
rake db:migrate
```

Seed data

```bash
rake db:seed
```

## Testing

```bash
rake db:test:prepare # deprecated -- not sure why test db still needs to be prepared.  TBD...
bundle exec rspec spec
```

## Run It

Start the Rails server

```bash
rails s
```

## Usage

Getting all todos

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos
```

Getting all todos (include todo items)

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos?type=all
```

Getting a single todo

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos/1
```

Getting a single todo (include todo items)

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos/1?type=all
```

Getting the items for a todo

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/todos/1/items
```

Failure to get an item

```bash
curl -i http://localhost:3000/api/v1/items/999
```

## Swagger Support
First, install [Swagger](https://github.com/wordnik/swagger-ui) somewhere locally.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/wordnik/swagger-ui.git
```

Make sure the Rails server is running

```bash
rails s
```

From Chrome or Safari, open the locally installed Swagger __swagger-ui/dist/index.html__ file.  In the text
field that currently lists __http://petstore.swagger.wordnik.com/api/api-docs__, change this to
__http://localhost:3000/api/swagger_doc__

Note: Once you've installed Swagger UI, you may need to cd to the Swagger UI directory:
```bash
git checkout v2.0.18
```
grape-swagger doesn't appear to work with the lastest version of Swagger UI

From here, you'll be able to explore the API through the Swagger UI.
